[charts-pro] Support range values in `initialZoom` (#22563)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/zoom-and-pan/zoom-and-pan.md

{{"demo": "ExternalZoomManagement.js"}}

#### Initialize with a range value

Instead of percentages, an `initialZoom` entry can describe the range to display with `{ axisId, value }`.
The `value` accepts the same formats as the [toolbar range buttons](/x/react-charts/toolbar/#range-button-values): a calendar interval, an absolute range, a function, or `null`.

```jsx
<LineChartPro
  // Show the last 3 months of data
  initialZoom={[{ axisId: 'x', value: { unit: 'month', step: 3 } }]}
/>
```

For ordinal (band/point) axes, an absolute range can also be expressed with the axis values themselves:

```jsx
<BarChartPro
  // Zoom from the 'Feb' category to the 'May' category
  initialZoom={[{ axisId: 'x', value: ['Feb', 'May'] }]}
/>
```

Range values are only supported by the uncontrolled `initialZoom` prop. The controlled `zoomData` prop still expects explicit percentages.

:::info

> Range values are resolved against the axis domain, which is only known after the chart has measured its size. With server-side rendering, the initial frame is rendered unzoomed and the zoom is applied on the client right after hydration.

Reviewer: Explainations are a bit complex, and do not really make sens, because the using SSR are actually providing both `width` and `height`

```suggestion
This feature does not support SSR.
When providing range value, the first render, the initial frame is rendered un-zoomed and the zoom is applied on the client right after hydration.
```
